Adding information to presetup database connections in Redis Insight (#1253)
redis/docs: content/operate/redisinsight/configuration.md

| RI_ENCRYPTION_KEY | Key to encrypt data with. | n/a | Available only for Docker. <br> Redis insight stores sensitive information (database passwords, Workbench history, etc.) locally (using [sqlite3](https://github.com/TryGhost/node-sqlite3)). This variable allows you to store sensitive information encrypted using the specified encryption key. <br />Note: The same encryption key should be provided for subsequent `docker run` commands with the same volume attached to decrypt the information. |
| RI_LOG_LEVEL | Configures the log level of the application. | `info` | Supported logging levels are prioritized from highest to lowest: <ul> <li>error<li> warn<li>info<li> http<li> verbose<li> debug<li> silly</ul> |
| RI_FILES_LOGGER | Logs to file. | `true` | By default, you can find log files in the following folders: <ul> <li> Docker: `/data/logs` <li> desktop: `<user-home-dir>/.redisinsight-app/logs` </ul>|
| RI_STDOUT_LOGGER | Logs to STDOUT. | `true` | |
| RI_PROXY_PATH | Configures a subpath for a proxy. | n/a | Available only for Docker. |

> ## Pre-setup database connections
> Redis Insight allows you to pre-setup database connections using environment variables or a JSON file, enabling centralized and efficient configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Preconfigure database connections
Redis Insight allows you to preconfigure database connections using environment variables or a JSON file, enabling centralized and efficient configuration.
```

> There are two ways to pre-setup database connections in Redis Insight Electron and Docker:
> 1. Using environment variables
> 2. Using a JSON file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to preconfigure database connections in Redis Insight Electron and Docker:
1. Use environment variables.
1. Use a JSON file.
```

> ### Pre-setup database connections using environment variables
> Redis Insight allows you to pre-setup database connections using environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Preconfigure database connections using environment variables
Redis Insight allows you to preconfigure database connections using environment variables.
```

| RI_REDIS_PORT* | Port of a Redis database. | `6379` |  |
| RI_REDIS_NAME* | Alias of a database connection. | `{host}:{port}` |  |
| RI_REDIS_USERNAME* | Username to connect to a Redis database. | `default` |  |
| RI_REDIS_PASSWORD* | Password to connect to a Redis database. | No password |  |
| RI_REDIS_TLS* | Indicates whether TLS certificates should be used to connect. | `FALSE` | Accepts `TRUE` or `FALSE` |
| RI_REDIS_TLS_CA_BASE64* | CA certificate in base64 format. | N/A | Specify a CA certificate in this environment variable or provide a file path using `RI_REDIS_TLS_CA_PATH*`. |
| RI_REDIS_TLS_CA_PATH* | Path to the CA certificate file. | N/A |  |
| RI_REDIS_TLS_CERT_BASE64* | Client certificate in base64 format. | N/A | Specify a client certificate in this environment variable or provide a file path using `RI_REDIS_TLS_CERT_PATH*`. |
| RI_REDIS_TLS_CERT_PATH* | Path to the Client certificate file. | N/A |  |
| RI_REDIS_TLS_KEY_BASE64* | Private key for the client certificate in base64 format. | N/A | Indicate a private key in this environment variable or use another variable to get it from a file. |
| RI_REDIS_TLS_KEY_PATH* | Path to private key file. | N/A |  |

> ### Pre-setup database connections using a JSON file
> Redis Insight also allows you to pre-setup database connections using a JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Preconfigure database connections using a JSON file
Redis Insight also allows you to preconfigure database connections using a JSON file.
```

**NOTES**
- The JSON file format should match the one used when exporting database connections from Redis Insight.
- The `id` field in the JSON file should include unique identifiers to avoid conflicts for database connections.
- Changes to the JSON file will take effect after restarting Redis Insight.
- If the JSON file is removed, all database connections added via the file will be removed.

| Variable | Purpose | Default | Additional info |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | RI_PRE_SETUP_DATABASES_PATH | Path to a JSON file containing the database connections to pre-setup  |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RI_PRE_SETUP_DATABASES_PATH | Path to a JSON file containing the database connections to preconfigure  |  |
```
